ref: Improve JS SDK Component Tracking Documentation (#5619)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/svelte/features/component-tracking.mdx

---
title: Track Svelte Components

> description: "Learn how Sentry's Vue SDK allows you to monitor the rendering performance of your Svelte app and its components"

Reviewer: Not sure if Vue is a typo here?

```suggestion
description: "Learn how Sentry's Svelte SDK allows you to monitor the rendering performance of your application and its components."
```

Author: Good catch, thanks!
